docs(contributing): mention fetching the tags for running tests successfully (#850)
orhun/git-cliff: CONTRIBUTING.md

git clone https://github.com/{username}/git-cliff && cd git-cliff
```

> To ensure the successful execution of the test, it is essential to fetch the tags.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
To ensure the successful execution of the tests, it is essential to fetch the tags as follows:
```

cargo build
```

4. Make sure your initial state is successfully prepared by running the tests.

```sh
cargo test
```

If you want to execute tests successfully, you need tags in your repository. The easiest way to do this is to fetch tags from the [git-cliff](https://github.com/orhun/git-cliff) repository.

```sh
git fetch --tags https://github.com/orhun/git-cliff

> ```

Reviewer: I think we can simply mention running `git fetch --tags` in step 2, after cloning the repository instead of mentioning it separately :)

Author: Probably is more reasonable :) I hope the update is ok.

I can also mention without a repository link, but then the upstream must be appropriately handled. I think the link is more straightforward, and copy-paste will be working.
